and well hello to all these tunes of alpuri
net point assets so today we get
found to talk about the folds
technology created by apple since
the iphone 4 which allows you to delete a
music with a compatible hi-fi system
or not is also on it but its
video and music photos on an apple
tv compatible then of course for that
you have to do the updates on
the iphone on the apple tv and well it does
the compatibility of your hi fi system
there are currently several on
the magnificent ogre we turn on itunes it
make the updates and go in
the menu bar at the bottom right there
select the desired airplay port
for me it will be of course the freebox
server which I will explain
registration and compatibility
later then once the seer
and blue have chosen on its meaning one
wait a few seconds we can
also decrease the volume only
for this material is also choose
several materials like the computer
here is the freebox player so the TV and
the freebox server at the same time so we
can lower the volume of an element
like the computer or the freebox player
we can also lower the three in
same time
so once you've taken your
him whom you have all chosen must
now talk about the installation
so it's very simple life is everything
soon arrive here so it's enough
a simple installation with
speakers a rca cable so the socket
jack on the freebox revolution
the only that the only key jacques
available one plugs the RCA plug
also available on the
freebox tv so I leave you with a
little demo if you have questions
do not hesitate to write them on responsive
net point
do you believe mango ryser